Dear Dmitry Anatolyevich
Mr. President
today is March 9, 2011
decision of the Zemstvo Assembly of Solikamsk
municipal district
Perm region
I am Andreevich's house
become long ago
from the post of head of the zakamskoy spanish
district
little of
that the meeting of the local assembly
It was
done with the roughest
procedural violations
base
to make such a decision
absurd
not under a
no practical basis
I am convinced by my own experience
Unfortunately
anti-corruption campaign you
mister president bidding on the federal
level
and municipal levels
choking
on the ground often reigns illegal
And local order cronyism keys
connections
human sympathy
and dislikes
commission in more detail what i mean
March 15th
2009 I was elected head of Zhigansk
municipal district
when deductions
the elections were held in two rounds
as a result in the second round
I won
acting at that time was in the area
I want to report
that I came to power
without the support of influential people
by myself
and not even being a member of the ruling
party
I am quite fair to Russia
then election to head
all my adult life
served in one place
Solikamsk operational brasalin
cocked
there are two possible also matters
for understanding further events
called the king
where i live
judge your birth
I saw
what's the district economy
represents a turnover
shared on a bed
each of which
then assigned to three employees
administration
I was not related to
pre-election commitments
powers that be
and therefore
I gradually became
This learned that the order to change
staff of the administration
which caused a storm of indignation
the old team actually settled down
botashev
spending most of the time on workers
places and on the hospital
I am faced with grave consequences
the former
social network administration
eg
there were many objects
construction of which
was frozen
and the money allocated to these objects
if you yourself
12 apartment house
for ours but it doesn't matter the district every
such
these are serious social measures
infrastructure
failed to finish does not know these objects
the most sad was the situation with
the building of the central district hospital
this year at the moment is not
completed
but despite the fact that she squeezed half
of my working time I visited
resolving this issue
failure to perform duties
solving local issues
stipulated by clause 12
part one
Article 15 of the Federal Tailors School Law
kindergarten cemetery third
year to the scene of the incident stated
organization of the provision in the territory
municipal
personal
Metinvest
health care
is now unstable as
reasons for removing a post
chapters
I have no doubt that any sport in
by court order
because you
Dmitry Anatolyevich
all players are waiting for the triumph of justice
and probably
I would not attract your
attention to this issue
find a repair hospital
that number of sentences as individuals
endowed with power
such representatives of criminal circles
Solikamsk who received the day before
meeting of the local assembly
makes me draw your
attention to the situation in our area
I was offered
for two months go to
resign before the election voluntarily
from rubles
for myself
and those and others
were called
surname of the most odious figures
who claim my place
I did not agree
and then gypsy
there was a radical coup
I was removed from office
using as a deputies tool
territorial assembly
I understand
that for the time while I will put my
ideas
in a court
much can be done here
so please dmitry anatolievich
our citizens
we are these voters
I try criminal
mayhem
Solikamsk